README.md, before:

# fuzzer
a web app fuzzer

#use of this repo
DO NOT PUSH TO MASTER

Create your own branch and do ALL work on THAT BRANCH

Once you have completed and tested all of your changes, make a pull request, if you do not know how to do that, ask me and i will personally show you.

# setup
In order to setup the fuzzer follow these instructions (using python 2.7 if possible)

1.) Follow the instructions to setup the local xampp instance <a href="http://yogi.se.rit.edu/~swen-331/activities/webapps.html">here</a>

2.) Download the zip file for master from <a href="https://github.com/kennethreitz/requests">here</a>

3.) Unzip the file you just downloaded

4.) Open a command line and navigate to the folder you just unzipped

5.) Run the command <code>python setup.py install</code>

6.) Download the zip file for master from <a href="https://github.com/bdoms/beautifulsoup">here</a>

7.) Unzip the file you just downloaded

8.) Open a command line and navigate to the folder you just unzipped

9.) Run the command <code>python setup.py install</code>

10.) Pipe the output to a text file

Commit message:

Page guessing is back in. README updated

README.md, after:

# fuzzer
a web app fuzzer

# setup
In order to setup the fuzzer follow these instructions (using python 2.7 if possible)

1.) Follow the instructions to setup the local xampp instance <a href="http://yogi.se.rit.edu/~swen-331/activities/webapps.html">here</a>

2.) This is to download and install the "requests" library. Download the zip file for master from <a href="https://github.com/kennethreitz/requests">here</a>

3.) Unzip the file you just downloaded

4.) Open a command line and navigate to the folder you just unzipped

5.) Run the command <code>python setup.py install</code>

6.) This is to install the "Beautifulsoup" library. Download the zip file for master from <a href="https://github.com/bdoms/beautifulsoup">here</a>

7.) Unzip the file you just downloaded

8.) Open a command line and navigate to the folder you just unzipped

9.) Run the command <code>python setup.py install</code>

10.) Run fuzz script. Ensure you are using Python 2.7. Start with example script at the bottom. All output will automatically go to an "output.txt" file. 

Below is a description of the various options and how to use them.

fuzz [discover | test] url OPTIONS

  --custom-auth=string     Signal that the fuzzer should use hard-coded authentication for a specific application (e.g. dvwa). Optional.

  Discover options:
    --common-words=file    Newline-delimited file of common words to be used in page guessing and input guessing. Required.

  Test options:
    --vectors=file         Newline-delimited file of common exploits to vulnerabilities. Required.

    --sensitive=file       Newline-delimited file data that should never be leaked. It's assumed that this data is in the application's database (e.g. test data), but is not reported in any response. Required.

    --random=[true|false]  When off, try each input to each page systematically.  When on, choose a random page, then a random input field and test all vectors. Default: false.

    --slow=500             Number of milliseconds considered when a response is considered "slow". Default is 500 milliseconds

	NOTE: If the script is having trouble opening the files you pass in command line. Ensure any files you might path to (vectors, sensitive, or common-words) are located within the same directory as the fuzz script.

Example:

(WITH xampp app running already)
fuzz test http://127.0.0.1/ --custom-auth=dvwa --common-words=mywords.txt --vectors=vectors.txt --sensitive=sensitive.txt --random=False
